c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Umetzu.exe
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Umetzu.pdb
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.pdb
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.pdb
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Login.baml
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Login.g.cs
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu.g.resources
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu.exe
c:\users\dumetzu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Umetzu\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu.pdb
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Captcha.baml
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Login.baml
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Captcha.g.cs
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Login.g.cs
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu_Content.g.cs
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\bin\Debug\CardLevels.xml
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Umetzu.exe
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\bin\Debug\Umetzu.pdb
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu.g.resources
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu.exe
F:\Hacks\UmetzuPRJ\Umetzu\obj\x86\Debug\Umetzu.pdb
